Add information about the tokenizer (#26)
meilisearch/Tokenizer: README.md

# Tokenizer
Library used by Meilisearch to tokenize queries and documents

## Role

The tokenizer’s role is to take a sentence or phrase and split it into smaller units of language, called tokens. It finds and retrieves all the words in a string based on the language’s particularities.  

> ## Particularities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Details
```

MeiliSearch’s tokenizer is modular. It goes field by field, determining the most likely language for the field and running a different pipeline for each language.

> The tokenizer identifies words made of one or more Hanzi / Kanji characters. In addition, a single search query will give results in both traditional and simplified Chinese.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipelines include language-specific processes. For example, the Chinese pipeline converts all text into simplified Chinese before tokenization, allowing a single search query to give results in both traditional and simplified Chinese.
```

Reviewer: Sentence about hanzi/kanji characters does not feel relevant to me, so I cut it in my suggestion. If there were a section on the Chinese pipeline then it would make sense there, but doesn't really have to do w/ the tokenizer itself IMO.

## Supported languages

> Currently, it supports any language that uses the Latin alphabet, as well as Chinese, Japanese, and Korean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the MeiliSearch tokenizer is optimized for four languages:

- **English**  🇬🇧
- **Chinese** 🇨🇳
- **Japanese** 🇯🇵
- **Korean** 🇰🇷

It also supports any language that uses the Latin alphabet. **Results may vary in languages with long compound words, such as German.**
```
Taken from the current tokenizer documentation page.

# Tokenizer
Library used by Meilisearch to tokenize queries and documents

## Role

The tokenizer’s role is to take a sentence or phrase and split it into smaller units of language, called tokens. It finds and retrieves all the words in a string based on the language’s particularities.  

## Details

MeiliSearch’s tokenizer is modular. It goes field by field, determining the most likely language for the field and running a different pipeline for each language.

Pipelines include language-specific processes. For example, the Chinese pipeline converts all text into simplified Chinese before tokenization, allowing a single search query to give results in both traditional and simplified Chinese.

If you'd like to read more about the tokenizer design, check out the [feature specification](https://github.com/meilisearch/specifications/blob/master/text/0001-script-based-tokenizer.md).

## Supported languages

> Currently, the MeiliSearch tokenizer is optimized for four languages:
> 
> - **English**  🇬🇧
> - **Chinese** 🇨🇳
> - **Japanese** 🇯🇵
> - **Korean** 🇰🇷
> 
> It also supports any language that uses the Latin alphabet. **Results may vary in languages with long compound words, such as German.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MeiliSearch is multilingual**, featuring optimized support for:

- **Any language that uses whitespace to separate words**
- **Chinese** 🇨🇳 (through [Jieba](https://github.com/messense/jieba-rs))

We aim to provide global language support, and your feedback helps us [move closer to that goal](https://docs.meilisearch.com/guides/advanced_guides/tokenization.html#language-support). If you notice inconsistencies in your search results or the way your documents are processed, please open an issue on our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliSearch/issues/new/choose).
```
